README.md, before:

# downloader

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/downloader.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/downloader)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/downloader/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/downloader)
[![CI](https://github.com/hunger/downloader/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hunger/downloader/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hunger/downloader/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/hunger/downloader?branch=main)

## Installation

### Cargo

Add the following line into your `Cargo.toml` file to make `downloader` a `[dependency]`
of your crate:

`downloader = "<VERSION>"`
## License

Licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.0 or later
([LICENSE-LGPLv3](LICENSE-LGPLv3.md) or <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.md>

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, shall be licensed as LGPLv3 or later, without
any additional terms or conditions.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Improve the `README.md` file
Add a bit of text explaining what the use-case for `downloader` is.

README.md, after:

# downloader

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/downloader.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/downloader)
[![Docs.rs](https://docs.rs/downloader/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/downloader)
[![CI](https://github.com/hunger/downloader/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hunger/downloader/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hunger/downloader/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/hunger/downloader?branch=main)

`downloader` is a crate to help with the task of downloading a couple of files
from the internet. It tries to make it very simple to just specify a couple of
URLs and then go and download all of the files.

It supports system proxy configuration, parallel downloads of different files, as
well as having files mirrored on different machines. Callbacks to provide progress
information are supported as well.

## Installation

### Cargo

Add the following line into your `Cargo.toml` file to make `downloader` a `[dependency]`
of your crate:

`downloader = "<VERSION>"`
## License

Licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.0 or later
([LICENSE-LGPLv3](LICENSE-LGPLv3.md) or <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.md>

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, shall be licensed as LGPLv3 or later, without
any additional terms or conditions.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
